#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --allow-unsafe requirements/lint.in
#
alembic==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
amqp==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   kombu
astroid==2.15.8
    # via pylint
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   webtest
billiard==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
build==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   google-auth
celery==5.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
charset-normalizer==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   requests
checkmatelib==1.0.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
coverage==7.3.2
    # via -r requirements/tests.txt
dill==0.3.4
    # via pylint
exceptiongroup==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pytest
factory-boy==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.txt
faker==4.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   factory-boy
google-auth==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid-googleauth
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
gunicorn==21.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
h-matchers==1.2.15
    # via -r requirements/tests.txt
h-pyramid-sentry==1.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
httpretty==1.1.4
    # via -r requirements/tests.txt
hupper==1.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   pip-sync-faster
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   checkmatelib
    #   jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.12.0
    # via pylint
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid-jinja2
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   checkmatelib
kombu==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via astroid
mako==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   alembic
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   pyramid-jinja2
marshmallow==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   marshmallow-jsonapi
marshmallow-jsonapi==0.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via pylint
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   checkmatelib
newrelic==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   build
    #   gunicorn
    #   pytest
    #   zope-sqlalchemy
pastedeploy==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   plaster-pastedeploy
pep517==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   build
pip-sync-faster==0.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/lint.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/lint.in
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pip-sync-faster
plaster==1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   plaster-pastedeploy
    #   pyramid
plaster-pastedeploy==0.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid
platformdirs==2.2.0
    # via pylint
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   click-repl
psycopg2==2.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   google-auth
pydocstyle==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements/lint.in
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid-googleauth
pylint==2.17.7
    # via -r requirements/lint.in
pyramid==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   h-pyramid-sentry
    #   pyramid-exclog
    #   pyramid-googleauth
    #   pyramid-jinja2
    #   pyramid-sanity
    #   pyramid-services
    #   pyramid-tm
pyramid-exclog==1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pyramid-googleauth==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pyramid-jinja2==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pyramid-sanity==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pyramid-services==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pyramid-tm==2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   jsonschema
pytest==7.4.2
    # via -r requirements/tests.txt
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   celery
    #   faker
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   checkmatelib
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   google-auth
sentry-sdk==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   h-pyramid-sentry
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   click-repl
    #   google-auth
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via pydocstyle
soupsieve==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   zope-sqlalchemy
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   faker
tomli==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   build
    #   pep517
    #   pip-tools
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
tomlkit==0.11.0
    # via pylint
transaction==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid-tm
    #   zope-sqlalchemy
translationstring==1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   alembic
    #   astroid
    #   kombu
    #   pylint
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2023.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
venusian==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
waitress==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   webtest
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
webob==1.8.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid
    #   webtest
webtest==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/tests.txt
wheel==0.38.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pip-tools
wired==0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid-services
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via astroid
zipp==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-deprecation==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid
    #   pyramid-jinja2
zope-interface==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
    #   pyramid
    #   pyramid-services
    #   transaction
    #   wired
    #   zope-sqlalchemy
zope-sqlalchemy==3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements/tests.txt
